[1.67.0] 32090: Add info about appVersionLabel to enterprise install docs (#236)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/enterprise/installing-embedded-cluster.md

## Install in an Online Environment

To install the admin console on a cluster created by the Kubernetes installer, run the installation script provided by the application vendor.

```bash
curl -sSL https://kurl.sh/supergoodtool | sudo bash
```

:::note

> With KOTS v1.67.0 and higher, you can install a specific version of the application. Your application vendor provides an installation script with the `appVersionLabel` flag set to the specific version. Example: `curl https://kurl.sh/supergoodtool | sudo bash -s appVersionLabel=3.1.0`.

Reviewer: WDYT about this? Similar comment could be made for the existing cluster note too.
```suggestion
With KOTS v1.67.0 and later, you can install a specific version of the application. Use the `appVersionLabel` flag and the version label for a particular version of your vendor's application. Example: `curl https://kurl.sh/supergoodtool | sudo bash -s appVersionLabel=3.1.0`.
```
